# Binogi Code Challenge

Here we go, the new `nickname`-column is ready to use.

### Limitations
1. No support for DELETE and/or other REST-commands (e.g. deleting a customer based on a given nickname). For now, focus was on GET, PUT and POST.
2. Potential issue with the migration depending on how it's being set up. Focus right now was to find the easiest way for you to get everything up and running. Hence, I've rebuilt the UserFactory to include the nickname parameter. This will let us run a fresh migration easy enough. However, in a real-life-scenario we would most likely have thousands of existing users in the database. In that scenario, a more complex migration would be required. E.g. running the migration in multiple steps to add the nickname field, update the value for all users (still making sure all nicknames are unique, e.g. by using a do-while-loop and iterate a number after the slug when required) and then finally make the new column unique as a last step.
3. No support for oAuth, tokens or any other type of authentication / safety has been involved.

### The Solution
 - [x] Add a column named `nickname` (via a migration) to the database.
 - [x] Update the related endpoints.
 - [x] GET requests includes the new column.
 - [x] POST requests should add new users.
 - [x] PUT requests should update existing users.
 - [x] A valid `nickname` must be <ins> unique </ins> among users.
 - [x] A valid `nickname` must be <ins> shorter </ins> than 30 characters.
 - [x] Autogenerated documentation through [Swagger](https://github.com/DarkaOnLine/L5-Swagger).
 - [x] Possible to test endpoints (GET/PUT/POST) via the updated documentation.
 - [x] Different kind of Integration and Acceptance tests for the new `nickname` property.
 - [x] Fixing problems and errors in the existing code.
 - [x] Inline documentation / comments when it's not too obvious what's happening.

 
